Product Manager at Media iQ Digital Ltd
May 2016 - Present
Media iQ develops products and insights for advertising, in particular I look after:
- All data ingestion processes and platforms, may they be batch data ingestions or real time.
- Development of proprietary tech to produce and enrich consumer data
- Documentation best practices
- API creation, maintenance and improvements with regards again to data ingestion, querying and in some
 cases DSP activation
Product Manager at Import.io
August 2015 - March 2016 (7 months)
Import.io is a web extraction business with an Enterprise and Free offering. It provides web data at scale
 for Forbes 500 companies that know the price, product, reviews data is online. The data is collected via a
 powerful platform and distributed and requested via a REST API.
- I own the roadmap of the Enterprise API offering, translating the direction of the business and the feedback
 of the clients into feature requirements. As a result:
** Introduced a decentralised remote schema repository that reduces time to data from 3 to 1 week.
** Launched a new dashboard for customers to log in and monitor basic stats about their data feed.
** Developed a multidimensional framework to measure data quality.
- I also conduct product/market fit research with existing clients and potential customers, I do so employing
 my Python skills for quantitative research and for qualitative insights I focus on interviewing, talking to users
 and customers.
- I have conducted SaaS modelling on different scenarios and led requirement gathering for the introduction
 of a recurring billing solution.
Product/Project Manager at Privax Limited
July 2013 - July 2015 (2 years)
Privax is the company behind hidemyass.com, acquired by AVG technologies last may 2015. Hidemyass is a
 proxy and VPN private connection provider.
Page 2
-I started as the sole project manager at Privax, owning both web and client pro jects for desktop and mobile
 apps.
- I set up a prioritization model and the standard for product acceptance criteria and soon I started to behave
 as de facto product manager for those features and new products I was taking care of.
- I co-product managed the first HMA! ProVPN app for Android on time and on budget (£45K) with inshore
 development team and the first HMA! Pro Mac OSX app.
- I moved to web applications and APIs, owning roadmap for hidemyass.com and its subdomains, liaising
 with all sides of business (Marketing, Payments, Operations etc. ), in that endeavour I worked on new billing,
 white label APIs, automated email campaign systems, user control panels (25% deterring of cancellation),
 seo, new website redesign, internationalisation of the website (on time, 20% increase international traffic)
 etc.
Product Support Manager for Google Web Search at Google
September 2011 - July 2013 (1 year 10 months)
- I started at Google as a customer support community manager for the Italian market but soon moved to
 become a Product Support Manager(PSM) taking care of all non-English speaking users of Web Search.
- In my role I was working closely with a variety of Product Managers of different Web Search features,
 researching bugs, new feature proposals, evaluating them and proposing those that fit strategy and user
 impact to the Product Manager.
- I owned all international Web Search pre and post launch sentiment analysis (i.e. Knowledge Graph).
- I collaborated with international marketing and branding teams to release the international central userfacing
repository of marketing material of Google Web Search: www.google.com/insidesearch, I helped
 coordinate its translation and launch.
- During my work as PSM I was leading a team of 9 specialists spread across geographies to implement
 online help solutions to increase customer satisfaction of Google Web Search users (i.e. new forms, new help
 articles, new forum features etc.)
- I have managed and ideated the creation of a new, comprehensive Privacy self-help tool that was
 implemented via proprietary Content Management System (ROI: 23%, 59% reduction of help tickets, 3x
 more visits to answer pages that were linked from it.)
- I was also a speaker at public events as a Web Search Product expert (i.e. Science Fairs)
Consumer Operations Associate at Google
May 2010 - August 2011 (1 year 3 months)
Italian market specialist focused on the analysis and support of the Italian users of Web Search, Chrome,
 Maps and Google Places.
Business Analyst at SDG Consulting
March 2010 - April 2010 (1 month)
Requirement Analysis and Business Process Modeling for IT based Enterprise Knowledge Management
 solutions - B2B
Page 3
Legal Function Intern at BNL BNP Paribas
December 2009 - February 2010 (2 months)
Formalization and diffusion of legal and administrative procedures within the bank.
Extreme Blue Intern at IBM Global Services
July 2009 - September 2009 (2 months)
Technical and business model brainstorming, building the business case taking into account future revenue
 and cost dynamics, Blueprint service design for user experience optimization for ICT healthcare solution
Assistant Producer at Big Spaceship
May 2008 - September 2008 (4 months)
- Budgeting (human, material, financial)
- Project planning and status reporting for control, conceptual brainstorming
- Improved billing compliance from 40% to 98%.
Education
Libera Università Internazionale degli Studi Sociali Guido Carli
Master Degree in, Management of Innovation, 2006 - 2008
Griffith College Dublin
Dynamic Web Application Development, Computer Programming, Specific Applications, 2012 - 2013
Activities and Societies: HTML 5 CSS2 & CSS3 JavaScript PHP MySQL Delivery of a web site with dynamic
 functionality.
Università degli Studi di Napoli 'Federico II'
Laurea Triennale, Business Economics, 2003 - 2006
Istituto Superiore Giovanni da Procida
Perito Commerciale IGEA, Accounting, 1997 - 2002
Activities and Societies: Highschool newspaper
